so one avocado squeeze of one lime you
can actually use microwave to get all
the juice out of a lime yeah it's like
eight seconds 18 18 seconds 18 seconds
eight seconds eight seconds eight
seconds you end up something like this
the line to it just to soften it all up
okay so where do you get your influences
from because you've trained classically
with a lot of French chefs you mentioned
here
and the Rue brothers so what do you get
your influences from I think reading
books we're seeing cookbooks and just
talking to other chefs in general
because you're you all go out to eat is
all your bounce ideas off one another so
it's just my main thing we've talked to
other people for the chef's that's what
we do why often I think you do learn a
lot by going out to eat as well it's one
of those things you learn when you're
out eat a nice to learn different skills
you're too busy with that with a new
restaurant over there Lisa VI was okay
couple of months those few drops of
Tabasco yeah this is spike it up so we
do this this would be done right the
last minute in the last moment yes very
last for us
that's good apple salad we're just gonna
mush julienne couple starts this is a
freshness you've got this quite the
spiciness all the spices around the tuna
yeah and the Apple just gives it a bit
of freshness into the salad
yes yeah just in some normal rounds be
good it's normal rounds because the
green apple sour or do use a red apple
or use the green apple just for the
sandwich just go through Julian's report
she's always been a lime juice in there
just comes with balance quite it's quite
well yeah I'm interested about these
salad leaves because these are become
sort of really trendy nowadays something
your new food you fast new fashionable
things this is a daikon crest it tastes
a little bit like horseradish turbulence
it's quite a spicy thing so again it
goes with this just you could say it's
quite an Asian II dish this and the
shoes request reach their purpose much
much softer now they grow them in these
little sort of things daughter yeah yeah
I can all agree egg mayonnaise
sandwiches well people think this would
be mustard crest but the flavors quote
completely different completely
different just you know in restaurants
and service we would cut these absolute
doing a dish that way you there's not
cut beforehand so the salad is ultra
fresh but they're actually quite
expensive it's not over they're not the
cheapest things no but what about ways
at school and used to get those little
seeds and Graham on your windows so on
cotton wool can you not do that
what are you gonna be like that for if
you've got the time you must have a lot
of time really well you know it means
yeah
so you're just drizzling a little bit of
olive oil
yeah a bit of seasoning leave that there
okay so it's just a finish off the dish
the tuna nice and really when you buy in
tune it's really important if you've got
a system like this you must get the
rhubarb Eustis ultra fresh fish monger
fish monger it's got to be the best you
know you can get as well
don't try and buy any any cheap church
by the what we call this the sushi-grade
yeah so just to finish off really trust
your fishermen there well yeah
everything that's a heavy thing is like
you slipped on it's a little bit harsh
Fe sink
a coupon bhupati's they're set up at
their started to the side better be
attractive to the Primrose Hill set
exactly well I think it's a health quite
a health-conscious dishes it also
hopefully they'll set where they will
enjoy and just being sharp of olive oil
I'm finished off the tuna which team
season
so just remind us what that is again a
salad of co2 new with avocado puree and
the radish and apple salad lovely